# Dog Search Project - Documentation

## Introduction

Welcome to the documentation for Dog Search, a project created to help dog lovers find new homes for shelter dogs! In this project, users can search for available dogs, add their favorites, and generate adoption matches. This project is built using Next.js 13 and uses an external API for authentication and dog search.

## General Requirements

1. **Login**: Users must enter their name and email on the login screen. This information is used for authentication with the Fetch API.

2. **Dog Search**: Once authenticated, users are directed to the dog search page, where they can perform the following actions:
   - Filter by breed.
   - Paginate the results.
   - Sort alphabetically by breed (ascending or descending).

3. **Results Display**: All fields of the Dog object are presented in some form on the search page.

4. **Favorites**: Users can select dogs as favorites in the search results. These dogs are used to generate adoption matches.

5. **Adoption Matches**: Adoption matches are generated by sending the IDs of favorite dogs to the `/dogs/match` endpoint. The result is displayed in the user interface.

## How to Run the Project Locally

If you want to run the project on your machine locally, follow these steps:

1. Clone the repository from GitHub:
   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/your-user/your-repo.git
   
2. Install the dependencies::
   ```bash
   npm install

3. Start the application:
    ```bash
    npm run dev
